Clearing a Banknote Jam
Deposit Unit Banknote Jam
To clear a Banknote Jam within the Deposit Unit, perform the following steps:
1. Pull the Handle of the Deposit Unit to open the Unit.
2. Remove the jammed Banknote.

Centering Unit Banknote Jam
To clear a Banknote Jam within the Centering Unit, perform the following steps:
1. Pull the Handle of the Centering Unit to open the Unit.
2. Remove the jammed Banknote.

Transport Validation Unit Banknote Jam
To clear a Banknote Jam within the Transport
Validation Unit, perform the following steps:
1. Press the TRV Guide Latches located on both sides of the Transport Validation Unit to open the Unit.
2. Remove the jammed Banknote (if any).
3. If the Banknote is jammed between the Lower Rollers, rotate the Handle in the dispense direction.
4. Remove the jammed Banknote.

Validation Unit Banknote Jam
To clear a Banknote Jam within the Validation Unit, perform the following steps:
1. Pull the VAL Latch Handle of the Validation Unit to open the Unit.
2. Remove the jammed Banknote.

Escrow Unit Banknote Jam
To clear a Banknote Jam within the Escrow Unit perform the following steps:
1. Remove electrical power from the MRX Unit.
2. Unlock the ESC Assembly Unit Lock using the key provided K7450.
3. Pull the Escrow Unit out of the Frame.
Avoid touching and/or injecting any foreign objects or liquids into the Drum and Tape at the bottom of the Escrow Unit!
4. Press the Latches to open the Dispensing/Reject Unit.
5. Remove the jammed Banknote (if any).
6. When the Banknote is jammed between the Rollers, rotate the Handle in the Dispense direction indicated by the blue arrow.
7. Remove the jammed Banknote.
8. When the jammed Banknote is not visible, press the Latches to open the Escrow Unit.
9. Remove the jammed Banknote.
10. When the Banknote is jammed in the Drum at the bottom of the Escrow Unit, rotate the Drum Handle in the Dispense direction.
11. Remove the jammed Banknote.
12. If the jammed Banknote still cannot be cleared, take out Banknotes directly from the bottom of the Escrow Unit.
After clearing the Banknote jam, rotate the Drum Handle in the stack direction to take up slack in the Tape, as necessary.

TRA Transport Unit Banknote Jam
To clear a Banknote Jam within the TRA Transport Unit, perform the following steps:
1. Pull the Handle of the desired TRA Transport Unit to open the Unit.
2. Remove the jammed Banknote.

Retracted Banknote Box Banknote Jam
To clear a Banknote Jam within the Retracted
Banknote Box, perform the following steps:
1. Remove electrical power from the MRX Unit.
2. Unlock the Retracted Banknote Box Lock using the key provided K7450 (or TA6450 for OEM BU Model).
3. Pull the Retracted Banknote Box out of the Frame.
4. Open the Retracted Banknote Box.
5. Remove the jammed Banknote (if any).
6. When the Banknote is jammed between the Rollers, pull the Banknote in the Pull-out direction.


Recycler Unit Banknote Jam
To clear a Banknote Jam within the Recycler Unit, perform the following steps:
1. Remove electrical power from the MRX Unit.
2. Unlock the Unit Lock where a desired Recycler Unit is located using the key provided K7450 (or K6510 for OEM BU Model).
3. Pull the Unit out of the Frame.
Avoid touching and/or injecting any foreign objects or liquids into the Drums and Tapes at the back of the Recycler Unit!
4. Press the Latches located on both sides of the Recycler Unit to open the Unit.
5. Remove the jammed Banknote (if any).
6. When the Banknote is jammed in the Drum at the bottom of the Recycler Unit, remove the jammed Banknote as follows:
For Security Drum Handle, pull the jammed Banknote in the direction.
For Standard Drum Handle, rotate each Drum Handle in the Dispense direction.
7. If the jammed Banknote still cannot be cleared, take out the Banknotes directly from the bottom of the Recycler Unit.
After clearing the Banknote jam, rotate the Drum Handles in the stack direction indicated by the arrow to take up slack in the Tape, as necessary (Standard Drum Handle only).

Loader Unit Banknote Jam
To clear a Banknote Jam within the Loader Unit, perform the following steps:
1. Remove electrical power from the MRX Unit.
2. Unlock the Unit Lock where the desired Loader Unit is located using the key provided K7450, then pull the Unit out of the Frame.
3. Unlock the Loader Unit using the key provided TA6450.
4. Open the LDR Box Case in the direction indicated by the arrow.
5. Remove the jammed Banknote.
6. When the jammed Banknote is not visible, press the LDR TR Guide Latches to open the LDR TR Upper Guide Assy.
7. Remove the jammed Banknote.

Cleaning Procedures
CAUTION: To keep the MRX Unit's performance optimal, perform routine cleaning and maintenance:
• Whenever the Validation Unit or Sensors are dirty due to dust, foreign objects or similar debris adhering to it;
• Whenever the Banknote acceptance rate degrades or an error occurs frequently; and/or
• At least once a month or every 30,000 inserted or dispensed Banknotes.
CAUTION: The TITO Ticket's shiny surface may impact on the picking rate of the BNF Unit. 
Clean the Pick and Feed Rollers every 15,000 inserted Tickets to keep the BNF Deposit Unit performance optimal.

Sensor and Roller Cleaning Procedure
To clean the Sensors, Rollers and Belts, proceed as follows:
1. Remove electrical power from the MRX Unit.
2. Open each Assembly Unit within the MRX Unit.
3. Clean the appropriate Transport Path and Lens of each Sensor.
4. Apply Power to the MRX Unit to initialize the MRX Unit.
WARNING: Be sure to use non-flammable compressed air only.
WARNING: DO NOT let liquids or fluids drip into the Unit's interior; otherwise, the Unit may not operate correctly.
CAUTION: Do not use alcohol, thinner, solvents or citrus based products for cleaning any Banknote Transport Sensors or surfaces. 
The lenses can become clouded by chemical evaporation residue that may cause acceptance errors.